Makerdao Single Collateral Dai contracts decoder (#5185)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :feature:`4416` Transactions that have interacted with the Maker 1 contract are now properly decoded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`4416` Transactions that have interacted with the single collateral DAI CDP contracts are now properly decoded.
```

Changelog
=========

* :feature:`4416` Transactions that have interacted with the single collateral DAI CDP contracts are now properly decoded.

> * :feature:`5150` Add option to abbreviates large number. For example to show 1.234.567 as 1.23 M.

Reviewer: Why did you add a mistake here?

```suggestion
* :feature:`5150` Add option to abbreviate large numbers. For example to show 1.234.567 as 1.23 M.
```

* :bug:`2934` Users will now be able to deploy the docker image on a subpath instead of the root domain.
* :bug:`-` Users won't get errors querying prices due the usage of defi oracles for querying prices of NFTs.
* :bug:`-` Fix an edge-case problem with synchronizing database with the server.

> * :bug:`-` Users will be able to edit EVM tokens again and the information about underlying tokens will be correctly displayed.

Reviewer: Why are there changes here? Wtf? Why are you removing old changelog entries?
